AI Factory Privacy Policy

(last updated 24th May 2019)

At Muskia Inc, we build analytics into our games to help us to improve them to give the user the best possible game experience. This samples anonymous non-personal data that simply allows us to find out what users do and do not like. Muskia Inc fully respects the user's privacy and never collects information that could be directly linked to the user. Muskia Inc also displays advertisements to fund the creation of these games. This is all governed by the following privacy policy:

Unless explicitly given the opportunity to accept this policy inside an app, please note that by using or otherwise accessing any Muskia Inc mobile application, you are agreeing to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use or otherwise access our applications.

GDPR

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 2018. It is designed to strengthen rights to privacy and make sure that all companies deal with all personal data covered by GDPR according to EU and UK laws.

This Privacy Policy will show what information we collect, why and what it is used for. We store data securely.

Anonymous Data

Muskia Inc may collect and use anonymous data, via Google Analytics (and Google Analytics for Firebase). We cannot identify you from this data. The data is pooled to give us general statistics on our audience and usage of our apps.

Google Analytics collects an app-instance identifier — a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.

A link to Google's privacy policy is near the bottom of this page.

For example, Google Analytics automatically samples a user's country and city, chosen device language, device model and make, screen resolution, app version being used, operating system version, mobile phone network. This pooled data provides statistics that can help us determine, for example, where our apps are being most commonly used, and on which devices. This can help us determine how to update our apps going forward.

Google Analytics also automatically collects data including app sessions numbers, session lengths, screen visits, flow from screen to screen, and app acquisition data (where a user came from to install an app). Alongside data that is automatically collected by Google Analytics, we also collect our own anonymous data on our app usage through Google Analytics. This includes game settings chosen, game results and other general UI events. Taken together, this data allows us to improve our apps in many ways. For example, if a high proportion of users can’t beat level 1 in our game, we need to make it easier. Such data can also help us improve artwork in the game (by knowing what styles are most popular), or help us determine default option settings. We also collect data on which of our apps are installed, so that we have a better idea of which apps might be popular with users of another of our apps. We also track the effectiveness of our in-app cross promotions (promoting our own other apps).

We plan to provide an opt-out option in our apps for collection of this anonymous data soon.

Apps of ours that also contain the Facebook SDK will provide us with just anonymous pooled data from Facebook about users accessing the apps, such as their country, city, language, gender and age, along with data about how the Facebook components in the app have been used. It does not access any of the other user behaviour or broader personal data that Facebook can collect. We cannot access any information about a user's Facebook account as our apps do not login into Facebook. Some older versions of our apps with the Facebook share button on the intro screen have the Facebook SDK but latest versions of our apps (with Facebook icon linking to their site or no Facebook icon at all) have no Facebook SDK.

None of this collected data can be linked to any individual, and it is pooled to provide us with general usage and audience statistics. Muskia Inc reserves the right to use the collected anonymous data ourselves or disclose it to our partners.

Emailed Personal Information

Any personal information sent to us by email will be stored by our email systems. Your email address will be used to respond to your email and we may also ask if you would like to be a beta tester for one of our apps.

We won't ask for any personal information that we don't need.

If you have subscribed to our newsletter, we will hold your details and email newsletters to you a few times a year.

If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter you can unsubscribe at any time using the link in any of our newsletters or otherwise sending an email to let us know.

Any data that we do collect will be kept securely in accordance with the current and new data regulations.

Your Access to Your Information

It is your right to access information held about you. GDPR means we have to provide you with a copy of all requested personal data Muskia Inc hold about you within 30 days of receiving your request.

If the data Muskia Inc hold on you is incorrect, you have the right to correct this. You also have the right to "erasure" so if you don't want Muskia Inc to have any of your information, we will remove any personal information Muskia Inc hold on you.

Personal Information and Third Parties

We keep sales data from third parties including Google Play, iTunes and Amazon to review sales and provide refunds. We don't share your personal information with third parties except where necessary to provide the service you are requesting or where we are legally obliged.

Third Party Terms and Conditions

Please note that certain third parties, including but not limited to application stores, may be needed in order for you to access our mobile applications. These third parties have their own privacy policies which Muskia Inc cannot control.

Links to Third Party Sites or Games

Our mobile applications are supported by advertisements, which provide access to third party sites or apps.

Our mobile applications may provide access to third party social networking, communication and search features.

Please be aware that, if you use any of these links you will leave our app and the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy policy. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app.

These third party sites or apps are not affiliated with or controlled by Muskia Inc. Muskia Inc are not responsible for their content or for the use of any information you may provide them. Our links to these sites or apps does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those sites or apps or the people or companies responsible for them.

Updates to this Policy

We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do, those changes will be reflected here (as accessed via our app pages on the relevant application store). Any significant change we make to data usage will be drawn to your attention via our apps. We encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of our applications will signify your acceptance of the changes to this privacy policy.

Ad Networks

Advertising in our apps is provided by a number of third party ad networks. If GDPR applies to you, ads in our apps will default to being non-personalised but you may be prompted to opt in to personalised ads. Ad networks who provide adverts to our mobile applications may access identifiers assigned to your device, such as Google Advertising ID, or unique device identifiers (none of these IDs allow you to be identified as a person).

Opting out of Personalised ads
You can opt in or out of personalised ads at any time by visiting;
Android devices:
Settings>Google>Ads>Opt out of ads personalisation
or
Android>Google Settings>Ads>Opt out of ads personalisation
Amazon devices:
Settings>Apps & Games>Advertising ID.
On iOS, you may withdraw your consent by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting.
If you opt out, you will still see ads, but they will not be personalised for you.

Muskia Inc choose to only provide ad networks with a minimal set of application permissions required for these ads to function. We only use ad networks that take their GDPR obligations seriously and have implemented steps needed to support GDPR compliance. Each of their own privacy policies are listed below.

http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/

https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/

https://policies.oath.com/xw/en/oath/privacy/intl/index.html

http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/

https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269

https://www.applovin.com/privacy

http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/

https://www.smaato.com/privacy/

http://vungle.com/privacy/

Please be aware that any information provided as a result of your interaction with these ads will not be governed by our privacy policy. Ads may redirect you away from our app, and our privacy policy will no longer apply outside of our app. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app, or any information provided to any of these third parties.

Contact

Please feel free to contact us at muvlashevprod1@gmail.com with any queries or ideas about our Privacy Policy. 
